Great news! I’ve finally got the time to give some love to this package.
This package still uses the latest version of LibreTranslate but changes the way LibreTranslate is built.

News:
- Build LibreTranslate from source: Previous version of the package installed a more than 5Gb huge version of LibreTranslate. Now, you have two choices:
    - the CPU version: a lighter version, without all the cuda (GPU) dependencies (+- 1Gb);
    - the CUDA version: if you have an NVIDA GPU **and** an AVX-supporterd CPU : a bigger version with GPU support (+- 5Gb) but if you use this app only casually, you won’t notice a difference as compared to the CPU version.
Note: this upgrade will install the CPU version. You’ll be able to change the version in the new config panel (see below) if you wish (you then have to force upgrade the app for this to take effect).
- A new environment file: all settings are now in `__INSTALL_DIR__/.env` so you don’t have to adapt `libretranslate.service` for each change anymore. All possible variables are written inside so you have more control of your installation.
- A new config_panel (accessible at `yunohost/admin/#/apps/libretranslate/_core/`) where you can easily change some settings (such as which language to install) without going to the CLI.
- You can now install LibreTranslate on a subpath of the domain (e.g. domain.tld/translate)

Unfortunately, you’ll have to redownload all the models you need (but now you can do this via the webadmin)

API-keys are normally kept after this upgrade if their database is located in __INSTALL_DIR__/db/(usually api_keys.db).

I hope you’ll enjoy it!

Have a nice day.